doc: Added TOC to Utils page (#886)
pmndrs/jotai: docs/api/utils.mdx

2. [atomWithObservable](#atomWithObservable)
   
   The atomWithObservable function creates an atom from a rxjs (or similar) subject or observable. Its value will be last value emitted from the stream.

3. [useUpdateAtom](#useUpdateAtom)
   
   Use useUpdateAtom and write-only atoms to avoid re-render.

4. [useAtomValue](#useAtomValue)
   
   Returns the value of the given atom.

5. [atomWithReset](#atomWithReset)
   
   Creates an atom that could be reset to its initialValue with useResetAtom hook.

6. [useResetAtom](#useResetAtom)
   
   Resets a Resettable atom to its initial value.

7. [RESET](#RESET)
   
   Special value that is accepted by Resettable atoms created with atomWithReset, atomWithDefault or writable atom created with atom if it accepts RESET symbol.

8. [useReducerAtom](#useReducerAtom)
   
   Use this hook to update an atom value with a reducer function.

9.  [atomWithReducer](#atomWithReducer)
    
    This is a function to create an atom with an embeded reducer function to update the value.

10. [atomWithDefault](#atomWithDefault)
    

>     This is a function to create a resettable primitive atom. Its default value can be specified with a read function instead of a static initial value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    This is a function to create an overwritable primitive atom. Its default value can be specified with a read function instead of a static initial value.
```

11. [atomWithHash](#atomWithHash)
    
    This creates a new atom that is connected with URL hash.

12. [atomFamily](#atomFamily)
    
    This will create a function that takes param and returns an atom.

13. [selectAtom](#selectAtom)
    
    This function creates a derived atom whose value is a function of the original atom's value, determined by selector.

14. [useAtomCallback](#useAtomCallback)
    
    This hook allows to interact with atoms imperatively.

15. [freezeAtom](#freezeAtom)
    

>     The freezeAtom takes an existing atom and returns a new derived atom.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The freezeAtom takes an existing atom and returns a new derived atom. The value with the new derived atom will be frozen (= not mutable).
```
